fix: add examples of customColumns and accessing sub properties (#2883)
vaadin/docs: articles/react/components/auto-grid/index.asciidoc

You can pass the same options as when rendering a column in a regular grid. See the <<../grid/#,Grid>> documentation page for more information and examples.

> === Defining Custom Columns
> If you need to create a custom column, for example, by joining the value of two or more properties and displaying them in a single column, this can be done by using the `customColumns` property. The `customColumns` property takes an array of `GridColumn` instances and renders them beside to the auto columns. Please refer to the <<../grid/#,Grid>> documentation page for more information on the `GridColumn` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Adding Custom Columns
If you need to add a custom column, for example, by joining the value of two or more properties and displaying them in a single column, this can be done by using the `customColumns` property. The `customColumns` property takes an array of `GridColumn` instances and renders them after the auto columns. Please refer to the <<../grid/#,Grid>> documentation page for more information on the `GridColumn` type.
```

The following example uses the `customColumns` property to render a custom column that concatenates and displays the product's manufacturer `name` and `headquarterCity` properties in the same column:

[source,tsx]
.Auto Grid with Custom Manufacturer Column
----
include::{root}/frontend/demo/component/auto-grid/react/auto-grid-custom-columns.tsx[render,tags=snippet,indent=0,group=React]
----

> .Use the Proper Auto Grid Property for Customizing Columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Customizing vs. adding columns
```
